1. What type of co-creation is Local Motors using?
Co designing is the most important type of co creation used by Local Motors in order to obtain the final design of the car.Local Motors is also using techniques like Tinkering and Sharing.

2. What do you think of the Rally Fighter? Will this new car be successful? Why or why not?
In my opinion ,Rally Fighter will be successful because the concept itself it's new and unique . However,the success will be on short term because the car it is quite expensive and I believe that not so many people will be willing to pay for it ,but there will be certain people who will buy it mostly because it is the first car designed and built by an online community. The car  has grown in popularity also because it was featured in the movies Transformers and Fate of the Furious.

3. What is Local Motors’ value proposition?

Local Motors focuses on building the future and encourages the online community in designing, sharing their ideas and take an  active part in the process of manufacturing a vehicle.

Doppelgänger Brand Image Activity

Task 1
	Find an image or story that illustrates the concept of doppelgänger brand image.
https://www.deviantart.com/art/McDonalds-Death-56731361  "Unknown Author"

Task 2
	Explain how the image or story that is selected illustrates the concept of doppelgänger brand image.

The image shows us McDonalds negative impact on our society .Their unhealthy food increase obesity and causes diseases that slowly kill us. Their food is fast food and it does harm to our health.

	Peer-graded Assignment: Lego Ideas Exercise

Task 1
	Please record the names of the three submissions you reviewed.
SLS Block II Cargo Rocket,Spongebob,Christmas Cabin

Task 2
	Respond to the question: How did this experience make you feel about LEGO in general?
This experience was great and I feel that LEGO is doing a great job implementing this online platform and giving customers the chance to be real designers.The company encourages people all over the world both young and adults to be creative and to participate in the development of their new products.I feel that LEGO in generally is trying to bring always something new and to build trust with their customers.

Task 3

	Respond to the question: What type of co-creation (i.e., submitting, designing, tinkering, collaborating) is LEGO employing through this platform? Explain your choice.

LEGO is employing through this platform co designing .The online platform allows people all over the world to create and submit their ideas.The project that will receive 10.000 supports will be analyzed by the LEGO team in order to established if it is viable for production.The developer will receive 1% of the annual revenue and his name recognized.