Paste the name of the thing (design) that you picked here. You can also include the author's name. Please do not exceed 80 words for this task.

Cat Pendant 30mm 
Author's Name: Nys1

Task 2
Paste the URL of the thing (design) that you picked here. Please do not exceed 50 words for this task.

https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2329163

Task 3
Respond to the question: What type of object is this (i.e., replacement, substitute, solution, creation)?

The object  I have chosen is a creation .The author chose to design a silver cat shaped pendant.The minimalist yet sophisticated design is perfect to wear it everyday.This pendant has a length of 30 mm and according to the author it was printed in 2 minutes.

Task 4
Respond to the question: Why did you select this particular object?

I selected this object  because  I love cats ,they are my favorite animals  and this particular cat shaped pendant made me want to create my own jewelry .I also liked the fact that it looks like it was crafted from sterling silver and seems expensive. In my opinion this" Do It Yourself" type of creation using a 3D printer gives you a certain sentimental value when you create objects like jewelries because making them for yourself or even for a friend will bring a smile on everyone's face.

Task 5
Respond to the question: How might Thingiverse (or a service like it) impact placement?

In my opinion a service like Thingiverse will impact the manufacturing companies in the near future because 3D printers will be less expensive reducing personal costs and common to all people.Creating a digital model of the object by using  3D modelling programs provided for free or by services like Thingiverse , it's the first step in using a 3D printer. The consumer will have the ability to  create an object in a matter of minutes or hours without leaving the house.  Companies needs to be aware of the 3D printer revolutionary technology and they need to start developing strategies in order to make their products more available through websites.