Threadless Case Study

1.	Should Threadless move into physical retail distribution? Why or why not?
In my opinion Threadless shouldn't move into physical retail distribution due the fact that it is more expensive and they will face a loss because revenue from sales will not be enough  to cover all the costs of production .Physical distribution requires a large capital investment,geographical limitations and limited space. Threadless should associate only with an existing retailer and they did this through their partnership with Gap.I think that the best thing that they can do is to stick with the online distribution because this is their primary business activity and they are good at this.

2. If Threadless were to move into physical retail distribution, how? Should it open its own store or sell through an existing retailer?

Threadless opened in 2007 a physical store in Chicago and they closed it after 8 years because the sales were low during that period of time. I think they shouldn't open their own store but more they should stick with the online distribution because this is what made them famous in the first place .Also due the fact that their t-shirts prices are small I believe that they can't afford to move into physical retail because running retail store is more expensive than selling the same products online .Threadless should sell only through an existing retailer but they need to be careful in order to ensure that they are staying true to their values and be able to control the brand.

3. If Threadless were to move into physical retail distribution, what should the relationship be between its online vs. physical distribution?

I think that if Threadless were to move into physical store they need to maintain a strong relationship between its online and physical distribution.They can do this buy running contests online in which customers can vote which products they want to find in the physical store and they should make available in stores their online website so that customers can access it in order to find more products.Also they should develop an application so that customers could create the designs of the T-shirts they want to buy.The application should be present in every physical store.

